Setup the repo as a ag bug bounty one (#784)
anza-xyz/alpenglow: README.md

> # Alpenglow is coming into the bug bounty's scope

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Alpenglow Bug Bounty Competition
```

> Alpenglow is Solana's new consensus protocol. We're soon expanding the Agave bug bounty to cover it, and this repository is where the program will run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alpenglow is Solana's new consensus protocol. During development,
monorepo migration and internal audit phases, the Alpenglow logic
has been excluded from scope of the Agave bug bounty program. To
mark its introduction to eligibility, we're hosting a bug bounty
competition to raise awareness and catch standing issues that have
evaded prior review efforts

The competition will be hosted in this repository, through the
private vulnerability reporting feature
```

> **Full scope, rules, dates, and rewards are coming soon.** Submissions are not open yet, but you can already start looking at the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Full scope, rules, dates, and rewards are coming soon**

Submissions are not open yet! Findings submitted before the competition
commences will be treated as out-of-scope/informational as per today's
security policy. You are of course free to start familiarizing yourself
with the code at your leisure
```

## Start here

> The Alpenglow consensus code under review lives in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Alpenglow consensus code subject to the competition will be that hosted in the Anza's Agave Github repository
```

> [`anza-xyz/agave`](https://github.com/anza-xyz/agave). Begin with:

Reviewer: are we targeting master or tip of 4.3?

Author: I think moving master, so we cover fixes

Reviewer: afaik we intend to migrate from 4.3

Author: Hmmmm I see what you mean, yeah I guess it would be the moving tip of 4.3 actually, as we would cut with the fixes or back port them there. But we can define that in final rules

- [`votor`](https://github.com/anza-xyz/agave/tree/master/votor): the voting engine
- [`votor-messages`](https://github.com/anza-xyz/agave/tree/master/votor-messages): vote and certificate types
- [`bls-sigverify`](https://github.com/anza-xyz/agave/tree/master/bls-sigverify): BLS signature verification
- [`bls-cert-verify`](https://github.com/anza-xyz/agave/tree/master/bls-cert-verify): certificate verification and stake-threshold checks

Background: the [Alpenglow whitepaper](https://www.anza.xyz/alpenglow-1-1) and [SIMD-0326](https://github.com/solana-foundation/solana-improvement-documents/blob/main/proposals/0326-alpenglow.md).

> You will read and reproduce against Agave, and submit reports here once the program opens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To recap, the code subject to the competition resides in the _Agave
repository_, while competition submissions will be made to _this
repository_
```

## What we've already found

> Alpenglow has been under active review throughout its development. The consensus issues we've found and fixed are public on Agave, and they're the best sense of the target: the kind of safety, liveness, and certificate-handling bugs that matter here.

Reviewer: this is worded pretty confusingly. unclear to me what it's trying to express

Author: simplified the phrasing [c65109d](https://github.com/anza-xyz/alpenglow/pull/784/commits/c65109d1e69e1ebcb12bb70f644e4b5805311751)

Browse them all: [Alpenglow consensus issues on Agave](https://github.com/anza-xyz/agave/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3Ablocking-ag+label%3Aconsensus-team)

> These are already fixed, so they won't be eligible once the program opens. Aim at what's still live on Agave.

Reviewer: somewhat concerned that wording like this may imply disqualification of findings where there is a bypass of our fixes for these issues. exact reports should fall under our intended duplicate disqualification i think?

Author: fair point, dropped the paragraph as tbh it doesn't add much atm [4f8fbf5](https://github.com/anza-xyz/alpenglow/pull/784/commits/4f8fbf5c6dbf868b1e2f55d2526b28d9f30713f4)

## Get notified

Follow [@anza_xyz](https://x.com/anza_xyz) on X and **Watch** this repository.

> The launch will be announced in both places.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further competition details will be announced in both places.
```
